Mr. Yang is busy every day
I don't have time to deal with this little guy
But I know it with my toes.
He stole the necklace.
Hahaha
It's you, a rubbish school rubbish coach
Trash athlete brought out
Why should Mr. Yang give you such a valuable thing?
That's right, the upper beam is not right and the lower beam is crooked
Old trash loves to brag
Little vanity
Satisfy your needs by stealing
It's really not that the whole family doesn't enter the same door, right?
This family of trash
Hahaha well said
It's not that a family doesn't enter a house
Your whole family depends on how high and low people are
appearance identity
Right and wrong is right and wrong
You are so brainless and indifferent
People who look down on people
I have nothing to say.
Don't talk about high-sounding here
I've seen a lot of people like you
Don't you just feel guilty and want to jump over the wall and bite me?
I'll tell you what.
I'm not as good-natured as Comet
Piss me off, I want you to die
security guard
Throw these poor things out to me
Disobedient words
Broken leg mighty dog part
And so forth.
I can prove it.
This necklace was given to Lin Wenwen by Mr. Yang
I saw it with my own eyes
Whelan, are you saying
This is a gift from Mr. Yang himself
Hey, is this losing money?
Really breaking the world record